# TuneMe
TuneMe is an online media management site which allows users to buy and download media files eg movies/songs. 
TuneMe is an online media management site which allows users to buy and download media files eg movies/songs. The tasks are described below; in each task description, the success or normal case is described first, then any special or error cases.

1.	Register Member
	A member has a unique integer id, a name, a balance, a password and a library (list of media). The id is generated by the system when the member is added to the site; the first id is 1, the second is 2, and so on. The system confirms a new record has been created. 

2.	Add Media
	Media can either be a Song or Movie. Media has a unique integer id, a name and purchase price. If the media is a song it has an artist and album name. If the media is a movie it has a release year and list of main actors. The id is generated by the system when the media is added to the site; the first id is 1, the second is 2, and so on. The system confirms a new record has been created. 

3.	Browse Media
	A user can browse all media available on TuneMe, the report displays each id, title and purchase price and the media type song or movie).

4.	Login
User types the member id and password, the system verifies the password and allows the member to access buy and report features for the client.

5.	Buy Media – must be logged in
The media id is entered; the system finds the correct media. The media is added to the member’s library and the member is charged the purchase price. If the member already has the media in their library, the system displays an error and the action is terminated.


6.	Display Member Report – must be logged in
Displays all the media currently in the member’s library.

7.	Logout – must be logged in
	Once a user has finished performing tasks in the system, they will select log out. The system will relinquish access to the member the user had been accessing.

		      
8.	Display Site Report
Displays all media available on TuneMe, all members including their balance and the turnover for TuneMe.

4.	Code Structure

1.	Skeleton code
This skeleton code must be used; a task that does not use the skeleton code provided for that task gets a mark of zero. You may add other classes.

2.	List classes
You must store the objects in linked lists; arrays, vectors, or any other type of collection cannot be used to store an object. There are three group classes that contain a list of objects and the code to add, find, and remove objects etc from that list.

3.	Scanner
There are issues using the Scanner method nextLine() in combination with nextInt() and nextDouble() – you may have seen this is IPRG001. To overcome this issue, please use the In class described in the lecture notes.

4.	Menu
	The system menu has 10 choices:
	R – Register Member
	A – Add Media
	B – Browse Media
	L – Login
	Y – Buy Media
	M – Member report
	O – Logout
	S – Site Report
	? – Help
	X - Exit 
4.	Expected Output
A run of you system should display the following:
* all normal cases – register member, add media, browse media, login, buy media, Member Report, logout, Site report, help gives a brief summary of each option, exit with confirmation
* all error cases – login failure – password incorrect/no member, buy media failure – not enough money/already owned/no media found, incorrect action, exit not confirmed.

Here is an example of output from the system:
Please enter your choice (R, A, B, L, S, X, ?): r*
Add a member
	Name: Tracy*
	Password: aaa111*
Balance: $20.00*
		1 Tracy added
Please enter your choice (R, A, B, L, S, X, ?): a*
Add a resource
Media Type(1 - Song, 2 - Movie): 1*
	Name: Sugar*
	Price: $1.50*
	Artist: Maroon5*
	Album: V*
		1 Sugar price: $1.50 artist: Maroon5 album: V added
Please enter your choice (R, A, B, L, S, X, ?): a*
Add a resource
Media Type(1 - Song, 2 - Movie): 2*
	Name: Minions*
	Price: $16.99*
	Year: 2015*
	Actors: Sandra Bullock, Steve Coogan*
		2 Minions price: $16.99 year: 2015 actors: Sandra Bullock, Steve Coogan added
Please enter your choice (R, A, B, L, S, X, ?): b*
	1 Sugar price: $1.50 artist: Maroon5 album: V
	2 Minions price: $16.99 year: 2015 actors: Sandra Bullock, Steve Coogan
Please enter your choice (R, A, B, L, S, X, ?): l*
Please enter member id: 2*
Login failed – id not found
Please enter your choice (R, A, B, L, S, X, ?): l*
Please enter member id: 1*
Please enter password: bbb111*
Login failed – password incorrect
Please enter your choice (R, A, B, L, S, X, ?): l*
Please enter member id: 1*
Please enter password: aaa111*
Login successful
Please enter your choice (Y, M, O): y*
Media id: 1*
		1 Sugar price: $1.50 artist: Maroon5 album: V added
Please enter your choice (Y, M, O): y*
Media id: 2*
		2 Minions price: $16.99 year: 2015 actors: Sandra Bullock, Steve Coogan added
Please enter your choice (Y, M, O): y*
Media id: 2*
Buy failed - Not enough money
Please enter your choice (Y, M, O): y*
Media id: 1*
Buy failed – media already owned 
Please enter your choice (Y, M, O): y*
Media id: 3*
Buy failed – media not found 
Please enter your choice (Y, M, O): m*
Members:
		1 Tracy balance $1.51
Media owned:
		1 Sugar price: $1.50 artist: Maroon5 album: V
		2 Minions price: $16.99 year: 2015 actors: Sandra Bullock, Steve Coogan
Please enter your choice (Y, M, O): o*
Please enter your choice (R, A, B, L, S, X, ?): s*
Media Available:
		1 Sugar price: $1.5 artist: Maroon5 album: V
		2 Minions price: $16.99 year: 2015 actors: Sandra Bullock, Steve Coogan
Please enter your choice (R, A, B, L, S, X, ?): w*
No action found. Try again
Please enter your choice (R, A, B, L, S, X, ?): x*
Are you sure (y/n)?: y*
Goodbye

* denotes user entered values
